BD-3865 Add section about json_escape and Liquid tags (#8883)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/connected_content/user_profile_fields_connected_content.md

{% alert important %}
Remember that the `:rerender` flag option is only one level deep. If the Connected Content response itself has more Connected Content tags, Braze will not re-render those additional tags.
{% endalert %}

## Best practices

### Use `json_escape` with Liquid tags that could break the JSON format

> When using `:rerender`, add the `json_escape` filter to any Liquid tag that could potentially break the JSON format. This is becuase if your Liquid tags contains characters that break the JSON format, the response will be interpreted as text and be templated into the message as is.

Reviewer: "the response will be interpreted as text and be templated into the message as is."

Perhaps expand a little bit to make it clear the entire connected content response will be inserted into the message, and no variable will be saved.

> When using `:rerender`, add the `json_escape` filter to any Liquid tag that could potentially break the JSON format. This is becuase if your Liquid tags contains characters that break the JSON format, the entire Connected Content response will be interpreted as text and be templated into the message, and none of the variables will be saved.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using `:rerender`, add the `json_escape` filter to any Liquid tag that could potentially break the JSON format. If your Liquid tags contain characters that break the JSON format, the entire Connected Content response will be interpreted as text and be templated into the message, and none of the variables will be saved.
```
Typo fix and minor suggestion!

> For example, this Liquid will break the JSON format and template the response into the message:

Reviewer: Perhaps a little more detail to specify what the example is showing:

For example, if the "message" event property in the example below could potentially contain characters that break the json format, add json_escape filter as shown here.

> For example, if the "message" event property in the example below contains characters that could break the JSON format, add the `json_escape` filter like in this example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if the `message` event property in the example below contains characters that could break the JSON format, add the `json_escape` filter like in this example:
```
Small suggestion, but I am not sure about the formatting here? Maybe just message event property? 🤔

> For example, if the "message" event property in the example below could potentially contain characters that break the JSON format, add the `json_escape` filter like in this example:

Author: ```suggestion
For example, if the "message" event property in the example below contains characters that could break the JSON format, add the `json_escape` filter like in this example:
```
